{\rtf1\ansi\uc1\deff13\deflang1024
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset204 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset204 Times;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset204 Helvetica;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset204 Helvetica;}
{\f5\fnil\fcharset204 Courier;}
{\f6\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f7\fnil\fcharset0 MT Extra;}
{\f8\fnil\fcharset238 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f9\fnil\fcharset238 Times;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset238 Helvetica;}
{\f11\fnil\fcharset238 Helvetica;}
{\f12\fnil\fcharset238 Courier;}
{\f13\fnil\fcharset0 Times;}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\f15\fnil\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\f16\fnil\fcharset0 Courier;}
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}
{\stylesheet
{\s0\fs20\snext0 Normal;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs40\li0 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s1\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs40\li0 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24\li2048 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32\li512 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24\li2560 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32\li1024 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24\li1536 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}
{\s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 part;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
}
{\info
{\title Original file was SRS.tex}
{\doccomm Created using latex2rtf 1.9.19 (released Nov 20 2007) on Fri Nov 11 16:01:51 2011
}
}
{\footer\pard\plain\f13\fs24\qc\chpgn\par}
\paperw11960\paperh16900\margl1440\margr1848\margt1580\margb989\pgnstart0\widowctrl\qj\ftnbj\f13\aftnnar
{{\pard 
\par\qj \page {\page{}\pard\qr\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {\fs41 \b Software Requirements Specification}\par
\pard\qr\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {\fs29 \b for}\par
\pard\qr\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {\fs48 \b TODO: Task Management System}\par
\pard\qr\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {\fs29 \b CS 471}\par
\par \pard \pard\qr\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {\fs29 \b Draft 0.3.0}\par
{\i \pard\qr\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Prepared by:} \par
\pard\qr\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Ethan Tullar\par
\pard\qr\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 John Chiment\par
\pard\qr\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Blake Eggemeyer \par
\pard\qr\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {\fs29 \chdate } \par
}\pard 
\par\qj \page }\page{}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {\s1\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs40\li0 Contents\par
}{\field{\*\fldinst TOC \\o "1-3" }{\fldrslt }}
\page{}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb300 \fi0 {\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 1  Introduction\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 {\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 1.1  Purpose\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 This Software Requirements Specification for TODO is for use by the customer and development team. This document is a formal listing of the functional and non-functional requirements of the TODO system. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 1.2  Scope\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The TODO Task Management System will assist in the prioritization and alteration of a list of tasks which are to be completed by a given due date, the remaining estimated time on the project given a total time estimate, and the time spent on each task. This system will not keep track of work done on a listed task unless the user instructs TODO that work is being done. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 1.3  Definitions\par
}{\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 1.\tab {\b Appointment:} \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 2.\tab {\b Immediately:} Immediately refers to actions that will begin as soon as the user has given the input for the action to occur. This applies to the reordering of the list when new input is given. The action will take a measurable, non-zero amount of time. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 3.\tab {\b Should:} Requirements with this marker are desired, but not crucial, and will be a part of the final deliverable contingent on time and progress. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 4.\tab {\b Task:} \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 5.\tab {\b TBD:} Acronym for To Be Determined. This is used in this document to signify that the information necessary for a part of this document is \ldblquote To Be Determined\rdblquote . \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 6.\tab {\b TODO:} \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 7.\tab {\b User:} The person, or persons, who operate or interact directly with the product. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 8.\tab {\b Will:} Requirements with this marker are guaranteed to be in the final delivered product. \par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 {\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 1.4  References\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Written with the IEEE Recommended Practice for Software Requirements Specifications as a reference and guide. The Tsunami SWR and RPC Donor SWR were referenced to find appropriate wording for some sections.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 1.5  Revision tracking:\par
}{\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \par
\trowd\clbrdrl\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx2890\clbrdrt\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx5780\clbrdrt\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx8670
\pard\intbl\ql {0.1}\cell
\pard\intbl\qr {Nov 2}\cell
\pard\intbl\ql {Document constructed.}\cell
\row
\trowd\clbrdrl\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx2890\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx5780\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx8670
\pard\intbl\ql {0.2}\cell
\pard\intbl\qr {Nov 7}\cell
\pard\intbl\ql {Edits made based on recommendations in first draft.}\cell
\row
\trowd\clbrdrl\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx2890\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx5780\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx8670
\pard\intbl\ql {0.2.1}\cell
\pard\intbl\qr {Nov 8}\cell
\pard\intbl\ql {Begin incorporating Ethans work. Will upgrade to 0.3 when consensus is reached on merging.}\cell
\row
\trowd\clbrdrl\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx2890\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx5780\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx8670
\pard\intbl\ql {0.2.2}\cell
\pard\intbl\qr {Nov 9}\cell
\pard\intbl\ql {Merge draft sent to team mates}\cell
\row
\trowd\clbrdrl\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx2890\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx5780\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx8670
\pard\intbl\ql {0.2.3}\cell
\pard\intbl\qr {Nov 11}\cell
\pard\intbl\ql {Polishing}\cell
\row
\trowd\clbrdrl\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx2890\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx5780\clbrdrb\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrs\cellx8670
\pard\intbl\ql {0.3.0}\cell
\pard\intbl\qr {Nov 11}\cell
\pard\intbl\ql {Merge completed, considered to be suitable for final draft}\cell
\row
}\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 2  Overall description\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 {\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 2.1  Product functions\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 TODO is a new self-contained product, produced to aid the client in their consulting, with no planned extensions or dependencies. {\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 1.\tab A task manager that helps the user prioritize their work flow. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 2.\tab An appointment calendar which reminds the user of upcoming appointments and meetings. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 3.\tab A storage system for completed tasks \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 4.\tab A time manager that tracks time spent on a task. \par
}{}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 {\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 2.2  User Characteristics\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 TODO is intended to have a narrow user base with access to training material and documentation. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 2.3  Assumptions and Dependencies\par
}{\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 1.\tab {\b Time information:} The software relies on time information from the computer it is running on. Inaccurate clock data will be reflected in the software output. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 2.\tab {\b Language:} The interface for the user is in English. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 3.\tab {\b Platform:} The platform has not been specified. \par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb300 \fi0 {\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 3  Specific requirements\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 {\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 3.1  Functional requirements\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 {\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.1  Displayed data for tasks\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Tasks will have data associated with them described below. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.1.1  Name:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 User defined label \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.1.2  Description:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 User defined field \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.1.3  Project:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 User defined field \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.1.4  Due date:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 User defined field \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.1.5  Time estimate:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 User defined field \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.1.6  Elapsed time:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 computed based on \lquote working on top item in list\rquote  function. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.1.7  Priority:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 user controlled relative ranking. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.1.8  Prerequisites:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 a task that must be completed or inactive before work may be done of this task.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.2  Displayed data for appointments\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Appointments will have data associated with them described below. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.2.1  Name:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 User defined field \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.2.2  Description:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 User defined field \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.2.3  Project:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 User defined field \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.2.4  Date and time:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 User defined field \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.2.5  Planned duration:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 User defined field \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.2.6  Actual duration:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 computed based on \lquote working on top item in list\rquote  functionality. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.2.7  Priority:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 calculated to change the appointment position in the list.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.3  Active List\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The active list is a set of the tasks and appointments that are not yet been marked as completed, or inactive.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.4  Inactive List\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The inactive list is a set of tasks and appointments that have been marked as completed, inactive, or ignored. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.5  Modification of fields\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.5.1  Modify any user created field:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 User will be able to modify the contents of any field the user created in a task, project, or appointment. Any modifications made will be reflected in the list immediately after the alteration has been made. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.5.2  Make top priority:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The user will be able to make a task the top priority and see the list order change immediately after the alteration has been made. This action will be done through a short-cut rather than the normal task modification method.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.6  Interactions\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Listed below are methods for the user to interact with the tasks. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.6.1  Working on top item in list:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 When indicated by the user, the \lquote time worked\rquote  field of the task will accumulate. The \lquote estimated time to completion\rquote  will correspondingly be reduced. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.6.2  Mark inactive:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 When indicated by the user the task will be removed from view in the active list. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.6.3  Completed:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 When indicated by the user the task will be removed from view in the active list. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.6.4  Done for now:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 When indicated by the user \lquote time worked\rquote  will stop accumulating. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.6.5  Changing list order:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The user will be able to change the order of the tasks in the active list, but the software will not allow a task to be worked on before its prerequisites have been completed. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.7  Behavior without interaction\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Listed below are actions that will take place without interaction form the user. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.1.7.1  Appointments:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Appointments will move up in the to do list as the appointment time get nearer. The appointment will be at the top of the list when the system time and date matches the reminder time and date.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 3.2  Non-functional requirements\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.2.0.1  Update frequency:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The active and inactive lists will update in a manner sufficient to capture any changes to it. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.2.0.2  Number of entries in a list:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The active and inactive lists will not be limited in their number of tasks or appointments in a manner which adversely affects the user. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.2.0.3  Inactive list viewing:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The inactive list will make data available to the user in a manner which will allow them to determine how much time was spend working on separate tasks and appointments. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 3.2.0.4  Storage:\par
} \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Tasks and appointment will be saved regardless of their completion status.\par
}}
